A BiTrust Token based on Qtum

Introduction

The token is issued by BiTrust.top, It leverages Qtum ecosystem, aims to build a real trusted token.

Full Name : “Qtum Trusted TOken’, 
Symbol : QTT 
Total supply: 100million,
Decimal:18 
PreMining:0
Initial price:0.01 QTUM
With the token launched, token contract will own total supply, that is 100 million QTT. 
Functions:
The contract provides following functions:
Buy Token:
User can buy QTT from contract,  the price is 0.01 qtum/QTT. Any qtum sent to Contract address, will be regarded as buying action.
Sell Token:
User can sell his QTT to contract, the price is 0.01 qtum/QTT.
Mint Token:
Token owner may mint token to ‘address’  in the following cases:
   1, buy smart contract or other products.
   2, reward
    Token owner can issue new tokens with variable locked date. Usually 90 days.
Transfer token
User can transfer token to other address, if only these tokens are unlocked. 
Delegate token
User can approve a spender to spend a fixed amount of token. Then spender has full control to these tokens. User can stop this by approving 0 token to spender before they get spent. 

Reward
Since QTT is new token , following cases will be rewarded:
it is welcome for user to introduce QTT and biTrust.top
It is welcome for use to contribute development.
It is welcom for user to participate events in biTrust.top

    Detailed reward plan, please find it in biTrust.top
Use case
QTT is valuable, token holders can benefit from its use cases.
1, NBA Playoff bet
NBA Playoff is very popular event every year, biTrust.top team has developed a smart contract to let user bet EAST final champion, WEST final champion and FINAL champion using Qtum. Since all these are done by smart contract, there is impossible to do any cheat under the table. Once you participate the Bet, contract will reward you corresponding QTT according to your bet amount. When the champion are finalized, you can claim your bonus if you bet correct team. To support team development, donation or fee are appreciated when you win. , contract will give 50 percent off while checking out. (1 QTT == 0.01 qtum)

2,World cup Bet.
Russia Worldcup is comming soon , team plan to develop or buy contract to support it. If you hold QTT,contract will give 50 percent off while checking out your donation.(1 QTT == 0.01 qtum)


3,other contracts
BiTrust.top team will keep developing new contracts to benefit QTT holders.
